Maplike and Setlike objects in Map and Set (#27160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpusupportedfeatures/index.md

## Instance properties

> The following properties are available to all read-only [`Set`-like](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Setlike_object) objects (the below links are to the {{jsxref("Set")}} global object reference pages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties are available to all read-only [`Set`-like objects]/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set#set-like_objects) (the below links are to the {{jsxref("Set")}} global object reference pages).
```

- {{jsxref("Set.prototype.size", "size")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns the number of values in the set.

## Instance methods

> The following methods are available to all read-only [`Set`-like](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Setlike_object) objects (the below links are to the {{jsxref("Set")}} global object reference pages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following methods are available to all read-only [`Set`-like objects](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set#set-like_objects) (the below links are to the {{jsxref("Set")}} global object reference pages).
```
